yeah boy turning my son out-of-state
Three Stooges mixtape jumping at the car
mr. guinea pig see a hater talking down
say hello to mother friends say hello to
my little friends Cristiano Diane
Christian from Japan and Diane is from
France driving for their grandma my team
wanna win get that money and then start
talking like them Colombian hold up
where do I begin
okay let's start in my living room black
and white polo
it looks like Tony Montana should be
dragging on some Elsa lose my Claire
Doan make no salute I just want the
extra loot I'm balling like you would a
who Tony Montana take over Miami 106 and
park in Maine shout out to the valley is
we talking about the valet oh look at my
keys I am Big Dawg status I got diamonds
on my leash put my head inside the club
just to see if it's popping the night
your Girl Scout speakers cuz I promised
a knock in the light I am The King now
welcome to my game of chess don't call
me there just call me Rick from all the
dead I'm glowing stick some oceanfront
reclining back trying to watch the
Diamondbacks Acosta's while I'm lousy
that I swallow but now's the neck where
I love announcing I got ice around my
knees and these fiends dunking they
think I got white around my neck yeah
these haters are against me but I ain't
even trippin boy I'm Tony Montana I took
over my city yeah this is Tony Montana
I told you to watch out for those out of
saved by those three soldiers they'll
break me to come get me Dhoni
don't eat my dad Tony my bad leg Oh
you